#################
Pueraria Mirifica
#################


The Story of Pueraria Mirifica
==============================

Pueraria Mirifica is a Thai herbal plant, rich in Phytoestrogens which are active compounds very similar to estrogen in the human body. As estrogen plays a major role in the aging process, this herb is therefore helpful in reducing the appearance of aging while maintaining skin youthfulness. Accordingly, the raw Pueraria Mirifica herb has been used for rejuvenating qualities over hundred years.

We have discovered this miracle values and intended to apply Pueraria Mirifica in topical products for anti-aging and skin rejuvenation. However, the ordinary Pueraria Mirifica raw material was found to be not stable enough in quality to use in a product, an issue affecting the efficiency of the end product. For this reason, further development was initiated. 

To achieve a high quality source material, we carefully selected the proper Pueraria Mirifica raw material and performed High Performance Liquid Chromatography (HPLC) testing to ensure its active compounds values and properties. Thus, we were able to extract a premium Pueraria Mirifica raw material with high Chromene and Flavonoid compounds that provide excellent estrogenic activities, and therefore created a Pueraria Mirifica source material to formulate into our breast care products that promised breast enlargement and firmness. 


What is Pueraria Mirifica?
==========================

Women encounter a unique set of conditions as they age, most notably menopause and osteoporosis. While menopause is just a fact of life, it carries with it unpleasant symptoms that can persist for years.

For years, pueraria mirifica - also known as Kwao Krua Kao - has been used in Asian countries to address these conditions. Today, pueraria mirifica is taken in supplement form and is considered a herbal equivalent to synthesized bio-available estrogen used in HRT. 

Many trials have been conducted to test pueraria mirifica’s phytoestrogen properties and its ability to treat menopause symptoms; however, more rigorous scientific research needed to be performed. 


Pueraria Mirifica Benefits
==========================

Thailand scientists have been studying the Pueraria Mirifica benefit for years as a rejuvenation herb; however, this interest has since spread beyond the borders into mainstream studies where scientists have also discovered various Pueraria Mirifica benefits on the body. In fact, according to researches, Pueraria Mirifica benefit has proven effective for the treatment of hormone imbalance in women and provides many benefits for both men and women, including improved circulation, increased energy, hair growth, and more.

Found in the wilds of Asia, he plant pueraria mirifica, when extracted, may provide several benefits when taken as a supplement. 

1) MENOPAUSE 

2) OSTEOPOROSIS 

3) INCREASES SEX DRIVE

4) BREAST FULLNESS

5) SLOWS THE AGING PROCESS

6) BEAUTIFIES SKIN

Pueraria Mirifica: Solving the Aging Problem

Hormone replacement therapy (HRT) can mitigate any changes associated with aging. Phytoestrogens in Pureraria Mirifica can be a more effective alternative than HRT. The binding of estrogen receptors, occurring when Phytoestrogens circulate the body, helps bring back normal body functions. Consequently, estrogen deficiency is corrected and post-menopausal symptoms are mitigated. 

Cardiovascular disease risk is decreased when Phytoestrogens are consumed. According to a study, Phytoestrogens in soybean could lower total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, and triglyceride, while increasing HDL cholesterol levels.

Memory loss associated with Alzheimer’s Disease is decreased by Pueraria Mirifica. With PM, hair graying is decelerated and hair growth is increased. Energy and circulation are increased. Pueraria Mirifica demolishes old skin debris that causes baldness. 

Pueraria Mirifica Benefit: Women

Pueraria Mirifica, also known as White Kwao Krua, contains Isoflavones, which have estrogenic and antioxidant activity and are the same ketones found in soy, which is recommended by many experts to induce hormone balance in the female body. It also contains groups of powerful Phytoestrogens, such as Deoxymiroestrol and Miroestrol, which help promote tissue formation in the breasts for a fuller cleavage. 

Pueraria Mirifica benefit for women has also been shown to improve memory, darken white hair, alleviate menopausal symptoms, smoothen skin, and more.

By restoring hormone levels in the body, women can improve their vitality as well as their mood so they can enjoy everyday life with Pueraria Mirifica benefit.

Case Studies Involving Pueraria Mirifica Benefit for Women

Since news of Pueraria Mirifica benefit spread, there have been various studies into the effectiveness of the plant on the body. In fact, there was the study showing that Pueraria Mirifica benefit for women is effective breast enhancement. 

According to the study, of the more than 40 premenopausal Japanese women who were given between 100-600 mg of Pueraria Mirifica daily, 70% showed an improvement in breast size and firmness. In fact, studies further conclude that 90% of women who take Pueraria Mirifica (White Kwao Krua) for breast enhancement will experience an increase in breast size and firmness, some have reported an increase in their breast size of more than 2cm within 5 days of taking the herb, while the other 10% may not due to biological factors.

Other studies into the Pueraria Mirifica benefit on the body found that the Phytoestrogens in the plant behave as a replenishing female hormone, which nourishes the physical health of an individual when taken in low doses and provides a wide range of benefits, including increased blood circulation, increased fatty tissues around the breasts, increased bone density, decreased wrinkles, and more.

Pueraria Mirifica Benefit: Men

Another Pueraria Mirifica benefit is that it is also beneficial for men. In fact, studies show that the herb helps stave off wrinkles, slows down the aging process, and improves vitality and blood circulation. Pueraria Mirifica benefit is also helping to improve memory and eyesight. 

The herb is also beneficial for correcting pattern baldness. In fact, studies show that another Pueraria Mirifica benefit is that it helps nourish and stimulates hair follicles, which in turn helps unclog follicles and stimulates hair growth. It also increases healthy blood flow, which helps promote a healthy scalp.

Another Pueraria Mirifica benefit is that it is also great for transgender males who wish to increase their breast size. In fact, according to reports, Pueraria Mirifica’s Phytoestrogen content mimics estrogen in the male body as well, which is just perfect for transgender males looking to lower their testosterone and increase their breast size.


Case Studies Involving Pueraria Mirifica for Men

Studies show that Pueraria Mirifica contains miestrol, which is similar to estriol, one of the main estrogens found in both the female and male body. However, because men have much lower estrogen levels than women, when the herb is consumed by men, it is also potent enough to increase male breast size.

Studies show that another Pueraria Mirifica benefit for men is that it helps stimulate hair growth. In fact, according to one study, when Pueraria Mirifica benefit is combined with an anti-androgen, such as Saw Palmetto, it helps prevent testosterone from converting to DHT, which is a powerful testosterone that blocks estrogen and may contribute to hair loss.

Another study conducted in Northern Thailand showed that Pueraria Mirifica benefit taken by men in low doses, did not contribute to increased breast size, but instead helped individuals retain their black hair well into their 80’s, increased libido, nourished the skin, improved memory, and prevented illness in both genders.

Studies also show that when Pueraria Mirifica benefit is used in conjunction with a breast cream, it may prove more effective because the cream is absorbed right into the skin as opposed to having to travel through the body to be filtered by the kidneys and liver.

How to Take Pueraria Mirifica

In capsule, powder, or liquid form, Pueraria mirifica can be found at most health food stores. For dosage, take between 25-50 mgs of Pueraria mirifica. It is not advised to go over this dosage, due to Pueraria mirifica being bioactive. 

If you want to rub Pueraria mirifica into your skin to improve it’s condition and reduce the appearance of stretch marks, Pueraria mirifica can be applied topically. 

Some Considerations and Side Effects

- As with any herbs or herbal remedies, discuss taking Pueraria mirifica or any supplement with your physician prior to use.

- Although Pueraria mirifica is considered generally safe, the herb is not suitable for everyone. 

- Due to the estrogenic effect of this supplement, Pueraria mirifica may delay periods and may lengthen the menstrual cycle.

- Do not exceed the recommended dosage.

- Pueraria mirifica is extremely estrogenic and therefore has the same potential risks as hormone replacement therapy. People that have a higher cancer risk or those that have a history of breast or uterine cancer should avoid taking this supplement. 

- This supplement is not recommended for the use of men.

- Long-term use of Pueraria mirifica is not recommended. Taking this supplement for an extended period of time increases the risk for stroke, heart disease, blood clots, and breast cancer.

Pueraria Mirifica: Official Researches

Official research into Pueraria Mirifica benefit has also been conducted concerning the benefits, proper dosage, and the long-term use of the herb. In fact, one study published in the National Library of Medicine found that Pueraria Mirifica benefit proved effective for providing estrogenic effects and significantly improves cell growth in the mammary glands but only when taken in safe doses. However, according to the study, when taken in high doses, Pueraria Mirifica benefit may cause adverse effects, such as migraines, epilepsy, and more.

The study shows that another Pueraria Mirifica benefit is that it is also effective for improving the skin, supporting memory, increasing hair growth, and providing relief for cancer and osteoporosis in both men and women when taken in 20-100mg doses each day for up to six months, while Pueraria Mirifica taken at 100-200mg a day for at least 12 months was shown to ease menopausal symptoms. 

For more information, please read more at: https://www.abelherb.com/sardi-190-pueraria-mirifica/




Pueraria-Mirifica-How-to-maximize-breast-growth-and-enlargement

11 July 2013
Firstly let me state for the record that I have used Ainterol's Pueraria Mirifica product for almost a year now and can say without a doubt this is the absolute best breast enhancement herb available and probably the only one that really works. I went from barely a b-cup to a full c-cup in less then a years time.  Not bad growth for someone who has just turned 41!  Also my skin looks younger and healthier then it has in many many years. Here are some tips that I find help with the growth process from personal experience as well as from feedback from my buyers.

Order the pills AND the cream or sprays - the combination works better then either taken alone!!
Take the 2 pills daily spaced 12 hours apart with a small glass of whole milk - milk helps the absortion of the active ingredients
Use the Breast Cream or spray 2 to 3 times daily (I used it 2 times daily on my breasts and butt as I wanted a rounder butt also and it worked quite well in both areas as it targets estrogen receptors which can be found in both breast and butt).
Don't waste the cream just 3 pea-sized amounts on each breast (or Buttocks works there also) then massage it in well for 15 minutes twice daily aftrer showering or before bedtime is best.
Avoid caffeine (I kinda cheated here but it is recommended to avoid it)
Important - avoid other phytoestrogens such as soy, red cover, black cohosh, etc.. - they will only weaken the effect.
When you use the cream make sure you massage it in for at least 5 minutes - this will help stimulate ducting tissue in the breast which helps with growth and firmness - this is a very important step to get results in my opinion as I have had customers who were not growing add massage into the regimin and immediately they started seeing results. Massage, massage, massage.
Personal note - I like the cream better then the spray as it makes massaging easier to perform then the spray and I didn't like the smell of the spray - the cream is odorless. But spray is stronger.
Only side effect I experienced was temporary - first 3 months my period was not quite right as it lasted a little longer and some spotting - but that corrected completely by the fourth month.
Make sure your diet has plenty of protein in it as protein aids in the breast growth process.
Add a calcium supplement it will help speed up growth process
You can get another week or sometimes more from the tubes of cream when they are almost empty by running the tube under hot water and then shaking it in a pendulum motion downward with the cap closed then opening and squeezing the tube slowely - alot sticks to the sides of the tube and that will loosen it up for you to use!
Shop for bigger bra's!! (maybe I should start selling those lol)
 PS: For the 10% or so of women that do experience period irregularities while taking Pueraria Mirifica Orally here are alternate instructions for using that will help most of you:

Alternate Instructions For Using Pueraria Mirifica Orally:
About 10% or women experience period irregularites with pueraria mirifica orally you could try alternative method - use 15 days beginning on your 1st day of menstruation, then stopping for another 15 to avoid period irregularities.  You should stop taking until your next period starts or continue until 15 days from 1st day of last period. This helps most women that experience this issue. Also creams and sprays work almost entirely locally and can be used all month long with no period irregulaity problems. Others have found relief by adding a natural progesterone cream. These are suggestion that have been helpful to other women.

One last thing please click "Yes" to "Was this guide helpful?" right below and to the left of this Guide if you think the tips were good it will help bring these tips up on the search results and help more people and it is anonymous.




One of my subscribers, who prefers to remain anonymous, used Pueraria mirifica (PM) and got the promised breast enlargement. So far, so good. But she says…

I purchased two bottles of pueraria mirifica from ainterol.us.com.  I used one bottle (100 caps) and noticed breast growth.  It was great: bigger and firmer breasts.  I bought a second bottle because it was said that permanent change will be noticed 3-6 months and it had only been about two months.

My breasts are currently still big and perky but they really hurt.  I also missed my period for the first time ever.  I am very concerned because my breasts, although big, are very, very painful (it’s been about 2 weeks since I missed my period).  The breast tenderness usually passes after I’ve had my menstrual period.

Did I buy the right pueraria mirifica? And should I be concerned?

Thank you!

The reply comes from Dr. Sandy Schwartz, the world leader in Pueraria science and commerce. This is his reply:

I’d say yes. The daily dose for Pueraria mirifica is 2 mg / kg; unless you’re 550lbs (250 Kgs), you’re either taking too much or you’re not taking true PM.

I looked at their website and there’s no indication that this is real PM. In Japan, more than 85% of PM products are falsely labeled.

I can’t tell you with any level of certainty that what you’re taking is not PM, but losing your period is a reported symptom of taking Pueraria candolii or any one of the 100+ Pueraria roots, that are NOT the true mirifica sub-species.

I recommend that you take Solgar, Nature’s Answer, A-Ma-Ta, and Longevity Plus, which contains true Pueraria mirifica, if you want to be side-effect free.

Sincerely,

Dr. Sandy






AN HERBAL REMEDY FROM THAILAND
Pueraria mirifica (also known as Kwao Krua or Butea Superba) is a plant found only in Thailand and parts of Burma; 99% is grown in Thailand. Menopausal women, have been using Pueraria Mirifica for 700 years.

The region where this plant is grown is remarkable for its low rate of breast cancer and impressive longevity, which alerted scientists to something good going on. The lucky women get to use this local plant and the benefits are enormous and the science is building all the time.

Men should use it too, especially as they age, since men are increasingly exposed to old-age estrogens (“male estrogen”).

The active ingredients seem to be miroestrol and deoxymiroestrol. These have been shown to be 3,000 more potent as estrogens than soy isoflavones and, according to Dr. Garry Gordon MD, Pueraria mirifica “Makes Black Cohosh and Red Clover look like placebos.”

Mirifica means “miracle” and it seems as if we have a miracle herb on our hands.

There are in fact 13 species of Pueraria growing in Thailand and much confusion results over what is an effective preparation and what isn’t. Given its growing international reputation, the Thai government vigorously protects its authentic provenance. Buyers should seek out only sources with an official license.

All else is suspect and some products are clearly fraudulent.

For the avoidance of confusion: Butea (a completely different species) is Red Kwao Krua and Pueraria is called White Kwao Krua. Black Kwao Krua is a totally different species and has little to no valid research. Unlike White Kwao Krua, Black and Red Kwao Krua grow throughout most of South East Asia.

I have heard it said that identifying the correct PM species is very difficult and gatherers have to tour the jungle in spring, marking the plants with the correct flowers, ready for identification when harvesting comes around.

THE PROBLEM
What Problem? Well, it is an estrogen mimic and ought to make estrogen dominance worse. But the fact it is doesn’t.

This blessed little herb is truly a gift to women tormented by their hormones (the majority). It works by attaching to estrogen receptors, so that real estrogen is rendered ineffective, but it does so without stimulating the receptors in a dangerous way.

This is sometimes called estrogen inhibition.

It actually works as well as the drug Tamoxifen, to reduce risk of breast cancer cells proliferating. There is much more to research on this incredible story, which it appears should be in the diet of every women from adolescence on, so that we bring breast cancer rates down to those in Northern Thailand, which is proven to be the lowest in the world.

SELECTIVE ESTROGEN RECEPTOR MODULATORS (SERMS)
Pueraria in one of a group of emergent compounds, which includes the drug Tamoxifen, called selective estrogen receptor modulators or SERMs.

SERMs are called “selective” because they bind to particular estrogen receptors. SERMs do not prevent the production of estrogen, but they help to slow or stop the growth of estrogen-sensitive cancer cells by starving them of a full dose of natural estrogen.

There are other beneficial side effects, such as lowering cholesterol and protecting bone health for post-menopausal women, keeping the skeleton and joints strong and preventing breaks and fractures.

As an adaptogen, PM does not exhibit a rise in blood or urine estrogen levels.
The latest remarkable discovery is that SERMs can protect your telomeres and that is a number one result for anti-aging (more of that in a moment).

PUERARIA MIRIFICA FOR BREAST ENLARGEMENT
It’s a side effect of PM but it’s one that many women seek. Pueraria mirifica is now being promoted commercially for breast enhancement. You can buy it on eBay. Someone is even producing a chewing gum called B2Up (Bust-up Gum).

Predictably, I suppose, it was a big hit in Japan, where girls long for (supposed) Western-style melons on their chest. Surprisingly, all this is borne out by science.

The first acknowledged human study on breast enhancement was done in 1999 by Professors Kuramoshi (Japanese) and Yuthana (Thai). They tested pure-certified PM species on 50 Japanese women, between 20 and 49 years old. Overall, more than 70% in each group demonstrated breast enlargement or firming.

Further tests carried out in England found that the plant had a beneficial effect on the skin and hair, as well as the breasts.

Just remember, if that’s your reason for taking it, it’s not 100% certain.

Beware: there are fakes with synthetic breast-enlargement additives. One cream, sold in Malaysia, has evidence of containing synthetic hormonal precursors.

MEN TOO!
Men can benefit too. We know that male estrogen increases through time, while testosterone falls, due to aging, body fat, hormonal replacement, pesticides, nutritional deficiencies, prescription medications and excessive alcohol intake. It’s a condition called estrogen dominance.

In fact, studies have shown that the estrogen levels of the average 54-year-old man is higher than those of the average 59-year-old women! The end result is that these high levels of estrogen can cause reduced levels of testosterone, fatigue, loss of muscle tone, increased body fat, loss of libido and sexual function, an enlarged prostate and male titties [did you know that male breast reduction surgery is the fastest growing surgical procedures in the USA right now?]

So Pueraria has potential benefits for men too. It does not produce male breasts and may actually reduce this sign of aging plumpness.

But don’t suppose PM will take the place of good diet, exercise, cutting down on alcohol and losing plenty of weight.

In addition, men are urged to consider:

Zinc, at least 15 mgs daily, increases testosterone levels
Chrysin (from the passion flower), which is well known to inhibit an enzyme called aromatase (Kellis JT Jr et al 1984). Aromatase converts testerone to male estrogen. Bodybuilders have used chrysin as a testosterone-boosting supplement because, by inhibiting the aromatase enzyme, less testosterone is converted into estrogen.
Carnitine also improves sexual desire, sexual satisfaction, and nocturnal penile tumescence, but carnitine is more effective than testosterone in improving erectile function, nocturnal penile tumescence, orgasm, and general sexual well-being. Carnitine was better than testosterone at treating depression (Cavallini G et al 2004)
Cruciferous vegetables, such as broccoli and cauliflower, contain isothiocyanates and glucosinolates, which act as antioxidants and potent inducers of phase 2 proteins believed to suppress prostate cancer formation (Kris-Etherton PM et al 2002; Talalay P et al 2001).
One extra tidbit: In males, estrogen is present in low concentrations in blood, but can be extraordinarily high in semen and as high as 250 picograms/ml in testicular fluids, which is higher than serum estradiol in the female.
A FOUNTAIN OF YOUTH TO REVERSE AGING
Harvard scientists have taken prematurely aged mice and reversed the toll of time – increasing the size of their shrunken brains, restoring their diminished sense of smell, and turning their graying fur to a healthy sheen.

They did this by using the SERM properties.

The mice were at the very end of their lives and scientists expected no more than to slow or perhaps stabilize the aging process. Instead, they saw a dramatic reversal in the symptoms of aging. fountain of youth

The mice were specially developed to be telomere-deficient and aged fast. Just mid-way through the normal lifespan of a mouse, their organs had atrophied, their brains had shrunk, their coats turned gray and shabby and they had lost the ability to detect noxious odors.

But when scientists used a Tamoxifen-clone enzyme to switch the gene back on for a month, many hallmarks of aging seemed to reverse. The fertility of the mice increased, their sense of smell was restored, and their organs were rejuvenated. They literally went into aging reverse. (see photo. The mouse on the left once looked like the old crock on the right!)

Well, the complex enzyme used for this trial is not available commercially and I could not recommend Tamoxifen as a good idea, even if you could get your doctor to prescribe it.

But you can take Pueraria and expect at least some of this beneficial aging effect. In several senses, Pueraria mirifica is a “fountain of youth”.

WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT REGARDING DOSAGE AND SOURCES
Dr Sandy Schwartz’s recommendation is as follows:

Menstruating Women

daily does of 100 mg to 600 mgs/day, following our current recommended schedule of the 8th day from the stat of the monthly menstrual cycle to the 21st day.
Post-Menopausal Women

daily dosing, with no cycle.
LET ME SUM UP THE PROPERTIES OF PUERARIA MIRIFICA
slowing the aging process: anti-wrinkle agent; hair darkener, strengthener, and growth promoter
breast firming
counter-acting memory loss
alleviating cataract and other vision problems
increasing energy, vigor, flexibility
increasing blood circulation
increasing appetite
alleviating sleep disorders
preventing and aiding rehabilitation from strokes
alleviating the effects of menopause
restoring vaginal health and elasticity
countering osteoporosis
slowing and preventing prostate enlargement in men
Note the form known as Butea superba (in Thai, kwao kreu daeng) increases libido and sexual vitality for men.

Truly, a “miracle” herb and deserves its name.



